That my name is Angela and I'm in Iowa.
I'm watching his program.
My name is Philip and I'm an Android Developer and we're because we want to create the best online program.
It's true.
Learning to program is hard.
When we first thought it many years ago we had to struggle through incomprehensible books that were
filled with jargon and tutorials that were boring and didn't lead anywhere other than calculating on
and even numbers.
And that's why we created a course with clear explanations that anybody can understand.
Even if you have no coding experience you'll learn core programming concepts while making fun and useful
apps like water and Yahoo whether the London actually first started when you're teaching our friends
how to code over a beer.
Since then we've gone on to teach over 4000 students including employees from Goole Linked-In and founders
of startups.
We've had students fly from Africa and Europe to learn from us in our London classroom.
We've developed a course that takes you from zero to programming over 10 apps and running them on your
phone.
But we realized that being a great app developer is more than just about programming.
That's why we'll also equip you with design skills that will get you making beautiful apps as well as
marketing skills that will get you downloads on the app stores so you can take that app idea and become
an entrepreneur.
So what will you be learning on this course.
You will be coding up and building over 10 popular apps from the App Store to guide you along your journey.
The course includes many hours of video content complete with clear explanations and beautiful animations.
That way you will understand exactly what it is you're doing as you're programming your own apps and
following along with the tutorials you'll be programming all the Android apps natively in Java using
Android studio and after you've built each app will show you how you can run it on your own Android
phone or tablet.
And if you don't have a physical Android device handy Finot you can always run the apps on a virtual
device like the android emulator.
The piece of software that will be using to build all the app is called Android studio Android studio
has been developed by Google and it's free to download and install.
And that means you'll be using the same development environment that's used by professional Android
developers everyday to design and program Android apps as well as to get apps ready to be published
on the Google Play store.
Now I've done plenty of talking but we believe in learning by doing and the next videos I'll show you
how to get your machine configured to get set up with Android studio.
I'll see you there.